---
title: Templates, Accountant Portal, and More!
description: 🚀 Exciting New Features in Fiskl Release 5.1.0
slug: templates-accountant-portal-release
date: 2023-11-23
authors: shawn
tags: [Templates, Accountant Portal, Invoicing, Customization]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

#### Elevate your business operations with our feature-packed Release 5.1.0! 💼✨

<!-- truncate -->

- Streamline your offerings with new Templates for Reusable Products and Services.
- Collaborate seamlessly with your accountant using the new Fiskl Accountant Portal.
- Enhance your invoices and quotes with HTML formatting.
- Personalize your communications with expanded custom email options.
- Navigate more intuitively with our streamlined menu.

### What's New

#### Templates for Reusable Products and Services
- Create templates for recurring offerings with automated placeholders.
- Streamline your product and service setup process.
- Example: "Software subscription for 6 months, expiring on May 21, 2024."

#### Fiskl Accountant Portal
- Add your accountant to your Fiskl account.
- Grant access to the new Fiskl Accountant Portal.
- Allow your accountant to manage your account and invite other clients.

#### HTML Formatting in Invoices and Quotes
- Add links and format text (bold, italics, underline) in line items and notes.
- Extend HTML formatting to manual payment methods.

#### Expanded Custom Email Options
- Use new placeholders to personalize your emails.
- Address clients by their first or full names in communications.

#### Streamlined Menu
- Merged User and `Accounting Settings` under one menu for improved navigation.

### Enhancements
- Improvements to Banking and Clients sections.
- Enhanced Custom Emails functionality.

### Fixes
- Resolved issues with Invoice Line Items order.
- Fixed Products & Services order display.

Remember to update your Fiskl app to version 5.1.0 to enjoy these exciting new features!

### Learn More

[Click here to learn more about Templates for Reusable Products and Services]